docs: Maturity model - making it even clearer (#21485)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/platform/maturity-model.mdx

## In production

Once your application is live, you should never change your database using the Dashboard - everything should be done with [Migrations](/docs/guides/cli/managing-environments#create-a-new-migration). Some other important things to consider at this point include:

> - The Dashboard has various [access levels](https://supabase.com/docs/guides/platform/access-control) that can prevent changes being made via the UI.

Author: ```suggestion
- The Dashboard has various [access levels](/docs/guides/platform/access-control) that can prevent changes being made via the UI.
```

- Design a [safe workflow](https://supabase.com/docs/guides/platform/shared-responsibility-model#you-decide-your-own-workflow) for managing your database. We strongly recommend running [multiple environments](/docs/guides/cli/managing-environments) as part of your development workflow (`local` -> `staging` -> `prod`).

> - Do not share any production passwords with your team, _especially_ your `postgres` password. All changes should be made via version-controlled migrations which run via a bastion host or a CI platform (like [GitHub Actions](/docs/guides/cli/managing-environments#configure-github-actions). You can restrict production access to your database using [Network Restrictions](/docs/guides/platform/network-restrictions).

Author: ```suggestion
- Do not share any production passwords with your team, _especially_ your `postgres` password. All changes should be made via version-controlled migrations which run via a bastion host or a CI platform (like [GitHub Actions](/docs/guides/cli/managing-environments#configure-github-actions). If you use GitHub Actions, use [approval workflows](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/managing-workflow-runs/reviewing-deployments) to prevent any migrations being run accidentally.
- Restrict production access to your database using [Network Restrictions](/docs/guides/platform/network-restrictions).
```
